+++
date = 2017-01-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "R-Ladies Summer Social: Sip & Code"
time_start = 2018-07-02T18:00:00
time_end = 2018-07-02T20:00:00
abstract = "Summer is finally here! Join R-Ladies Chicago to celebrate with wine and R!"
abstract_short = ""
event = "R-Ladies Chicago July Social Meetup"
event_url = "https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/251993949/"
location = "WeWork (20 W. Kinzie Street, 17th Floor; Chicago, IL)"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

We will taste some wines (and non-alcoholic drinks too!) and rate them based on the winemag.com scoring system. Then, we will work together in small groups to analyze and visualize the wine preferences of R-Ladies in R! Wine is absolutely optional --we'll have non-alcoholic beverages & food too.  
  
We'll also be introducing some R-Ladies Chicago outreach initiatives, including our new website: rladieschicago.org and kicking-off our Random Acts of Coffee program!  
  
There will be no formal technical talk at this meeting; rather, a time to network with fellow R-Ladies while doing a collaborative coding activity. This is part of our “social” Meetups, focused on networking and idea exchange.  
  
Please RSVP on the Meetup page and let us know if you have any questions!  