+++
date = 2017-01-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "DecembeR Holiday Party & Collaborative Planning"
time_start = 2018-12-05T17:45:00
time_end = 2018-12-05T20:00:00
abstract = "Get advice about the Data Science career!"
abstract_short = ""
event = "R-Ladies Chicago December Social Meetup"
event_url = "https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/256428023/"
location = "Uptake (600 W Chicago Ave 2nd Floor; Chicago, IL)"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

Join R-Ladies Chicago to celebrate the holidays! Socialize with fellow R-Ladies and help us plan for 2019!  
  
**BEFORE THE EVENT:** Please fill out our survey to provide feedback on our past and future R-Ladies Chicago programs. We are looking for as many Chicago-area R-Ladies as possible to fill out this survey, even if you cannot attend this Meetup or have not attended one in the past. We would love your input! **See the survey here: https://tinyurl.com/rladies-survey**
  
**What we'll do:**
We'll discuss best practices for working with survey data of all forms (e.g. numerical, strings, closed set, open response, etc.) in R. Then, we'll work together in small groups to analyze data from our End of the Year Survey in R. By the end of the Meetup, we hope to have developed a data-driven list of R-Ladies Chicago events & goals for 2019!  
  
We'll also socialize with fellow R-Ladies over holiday-themed treats :)  
  
There will be no formal technical talk at this meeting; rather, this will be a time to network with fellow R-Ladies while doing a collaborative coding activity. This is part of our “social” Meetups, focused on networking and idea exchange.
  
  
Be sure to RSVP on our [Meetup page](https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/256428023/)!  