+++
date = 2017-01-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "Pro tips: how to start/advance your data science career"
time_start = 2018-09-27T17:45:00
time_end = 2018-09-27T20:00:00
abstract = "Get advice about the Data Science career!"
abstract_short = ""
event = "R-Ladies Chicago September Technical Meetup"
event_url = "https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/254621401/"
location = "Uptake (600 W Chicago Ave 2nd Floor; Chicago, IL)"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "Board Member Caroline presents at our August Meetup"

+++

We have teamed up with Metis and invited Ashley Purdy (Career Advisor) to talk about everything you need to know about Data science job search!  
  
Ashley will discuss some strategies for how to put your best foot forward in the data science job search covering topics ranging from networking, interviews, and salary negotiations.  
  
Following by Monique, who will give a short talk on develop a LinkedIn profile that stands out above the rest. Let’s tackle LinkedIn together and learn how to maximize your account.  
  
Several recruiters from different industry will also be present and introduce the openings at their companies!  
  
If you are in the job market or considering a career change, you don't want to miss out this event!  
  
Be sure to RSVP on our [Meetup page](https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/254621401/)!  