+++
date = 2017-01-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "Game Time! R in Minecraft with the 'miner' package"
time_start = 2018-07-19T18:00:00
time_end = 2018-07-19T20:00:00
abstract = "Join us for a technical talk about the miner package"
abstract_short = ""
event = "R-Ladies Chicago July Technical Meetup"
event_url = "https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/252249636/"
location = "WeWork (332 S. Michigan Ave; Chicago, IL)"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

David Smith will talk about the 'miner' package, how to set up your own Minecraft server, and how to use and extend the package. He'll also provide a few examples of the package in action in a live Minecraft session! Fun!  
  
The miner package is intended mainly for kids, to inspire them to learn R while playing Minecraft. But the development of the package also provides some useful insights into how to build an R package to interface with a persistent API, and how to instruct others on its use.  
  
This package is a collection of simple functions that allow you to connect with a Minecraft instance, manipulate the world within by creating blocks and controlling the player, and to detect events within the world and react accordingly.  
  
About the speaker: David Smith is a developer advocate at Microsoft, with a focus on data science and the R community. He has been a long time facilitator and a good ally for R-Ladies Chicago.  
  
Please RSVP on the Meetup page and let us know if you have any questions!  