+++
date = 2017-01-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "Reproducible Workflows for Interactive Visualizations with htmlwidgets and Shiny"
time_start = 2019-12-04T18:00:00
time_end = 2019-12-04T20:00:00
abstract = "Workshop on interactive web applications in R"
abstract_short = ""
event = "R-Ladies Chicago December Technical Meetup"
event_url = "https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/266616799/"
location = "Groupon (600 W Chicago Ave, Chicago, IL 60654)"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "events/2019-12-04-meetup.jpeg"
caption = "Martin John Hadley presents on htmlwidgets, Shiny, and reproducibility"

+++
  
Join us in welcoming Martin John Hadley (https://twitter.com/martinjhnhadley,dr pronouns they/them) for an interactive workshop on htmlwidgets, Shiny, and reproducibility!
  
  
  
**Please note:**    
Our primary mission is to encourage more women and non-binary individuals to get involved in the R community. *As such, we strongly encourage that all men who attend this event have a female or non-binary sponsor, as spots may be limited. Please contact chicago@rladies.org if you have questions.*  
    
  