+++
date = 2017-01-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "R-Ladies Chicago welcomes Mara Averick!"
time_start = 2019-03-26T17:45:00
time_end = 2019-03-26T20:00:00
abstract = "Join us in welcoming tidyverse developer advocate and Twitter #rstats star Mara Averick!"
abstract_short = ""
event = "R-Ladies Chicago March Technical Meetup"
event_url = "https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/259138419/"
location = "Uptake (600 W. Chicago Ave., 2nd floor, Chicago, IL 60654)"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = "https://github.com/rladies-chicago/rladies-chicago-2019"
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "events/2019-03-26-meetup.jpg"
caption = "Mara Averick talks about R!"

+++
  
Join us in welcoming tidyverse developer advocate and Twitter #rstats star Mara Averick!  
    
**What we'll do:**  
We're excited to welcome Mara Averick to speak at R-Ladies Chicago. We'll hear from Mara Averick about a topic of her choosing.  
  
  

**_Tentative Topic:_ Sustainers of the Tidyverse**  
*Abstract:* If a piece of open-source software is to survive its own success, it must have a healthy community of active contributors. The tidyverse, a collection of R packages for data science with a shared underlying design philosophy, has become popular in no small part because of its usability among those who do not consider themselves to be “programmers.” However, this active base of non-developer users has been a fruitful source of contributions as we’ve sought to highlight aspects of contributing to open source beyond committing lines of code. This talk will cover the technical tools, virtual spaces, and social norms that have enabled and empowered community contributions.  
  
  
**Please note:**    
Our primary mission is to encourage more women and non-binary individuals to get involved in the R community. *As such, we strongly encourage that all men who attend this event have a female or non-binary sponsor, as spots may be limited. Please contact chicago@rladies.org if you have questions.*  
    
  
  
Please RSVP through [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/259138419/).   
  