+++
date = 2017-01-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "September Double Header: Make a Personal Website with Blogdown in R"
time_start = 2019-09-24T17:45:00
time_end = 2019-09-24T20:00:00
abstract = "Get down with Blogdown!"
abstract_short = ""
event = "R-Ladies Chicago September Technical Meetup"
event_url = "https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/264595913/"
location = "John Crerar Library (5730 S Ellis Avenue, Chicago, IL)"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = "https://github.com/rladies-chicago/2019-09-24-blogdown-workshop"

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "events/2019-09-24-meetup.jpg"
caption = ""

+++
  
*Note: This is one of two R-Ladies Chicago events happening this month for our Northside-Southside double header, one in Hyde Park on 9/24, and another in Evanston on 9/26. Choose one or attend both!*

R-Ladies Board Member Angela Li will lead a workshop on setting up your first website with the blogdown R package. By the end of this workshop, you will learn to make a template website for your personal or academic pursuits!
  
  
  
**Please note:**    
Our primary mission is to encourage more women and non-binary individuals to get involved in the R community. *As such, we strongly encourage that all men who attend this event have a female or non-binary sponsor, as spots may be limited. Please contact chicago@rladies.org if you have questions.*  
    
  
  
Please RSVP through [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/264595913/).   
