+++
date = 2017-01-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "Sip & Code: R-Ladies Chicago Summer Social (round 2!)"
time_start = 2019-06-26T17:45:00
time_end = 2019-06-26T20:00:00
abstract = "Celebrate the summer with an R-Ladies wine-themed coding activity!"
abstract_short = ""
event = "R-Ladies Chicago June Social Meetup"
event_url = "https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/262209513/"
location = "WeWork (111 W. Illinois St, Chicago, IL 60654)"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = "https://github.com/rladies-chicago/2019-06-26-sip-and-code-round2"

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "events/2019-06-26-meetup.jpg"
caption = ""

+++
  
Summer is finally here! Join R-Ladies Chicago to celebrate! We are a group of women and non-binary individuals who code with the programming language R and support each other on our learning journey.  
  
  
  
**What we'll do:**  
We'll be tasting and rating a few wines (and non-alcoholic drinks too!), analyzing the data from our ratings, and learning how to make a data visualization in R. Wine consumption is absolutely optional --we'll have non-alcoholic beverages & pizza too.  
   
   
There will be no formal technical talk at this meeting; rather, this is a time to network with fellow R-Ladies while doing a collaborative coding activity. This is part of our “social” Meetups, focused on networking and idea exchange.   
  
  
  
  
**Collaborative Coding:**  
We know the idea of coding with others can be daunting, but this is a safe space and everyone is welcome (even if you do not know how to use R yet). This will be a relaxed environment and a good chance to meet some of your fellow R-Ladies, so please do not feel like you do not know enough to join in.

  
  
  
**Please note:**    
Our primary mission is to encourage more women and non-binary individuals to get involved in the R community. *As such, we strongly encourage that all men who attend this event have a female or non-binary sponsor. Please contact chicago@rladies.org if you have questions.*  
    
  
  
Please RSVP through [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/262209513/).   
  