+++
date = 2017-01-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "Learning & Community Building in Data Science: Conference Talks!"
time_start = 2020-05-05T18:00:00
time_end = 2020-05-05T19:30:00
abstract = "R-Ladies present their csv,conf talks!"
abstract_short = ""
event = "R-Ladies Chicago Technical Meetup"
event_url = "https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/269909895/"
location = "Online! (register on Meetup for link)"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
  
  
## About  
  
R-Ladies organizers Angela and Katherine will each present talks on community building and teaching in the context of data science. Please join us!  
  
These talks are a preview of Angela and Katherine's upcoming presentations at csv,conf,v5. Please join us to discuss these topics and let us know what you are interested in learning more about!  
  
csv,conf,v5 is a community driven data conference on May 13 & 14. It is an event that's not literally about the CSV file format, but rather about what CSV represents to our wider community ideals (data interoperability, hackability, simplicity, etc.). Due to COVID-19, the conference is now 100% virtual and open to all. Find more information about csv,conf here: https://csvconf.com/  
  
After you RSVP, you will be provided the Zoom link to go to in order to attend this event.  
  
     

  
  
**Please note:**    
Our primary mission is to encourage more women and non-binary individuals to get involved in the R community. *As such, we strongly encourage that all men who attend this event have a female or non-binary sponsor, as spots may be limited. Please contact chicago@rladies.org if you have questions.*    
   
As with our in-person meetings, we expect all attendees to abide & be governed by our community code of conduct. Please take a moment to review our R-Ladies Global code of conduct (particularly if this is your first time attending!): https://github.com/rladies/starter-kit/wiki/Code-of-Conduct  
    
  
Be sure to RSVP on [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/rladies-chicago/events/269909895/)
